hi I'm Megan and welcome to redesign on
a dime hosted by Universal hotel
liquidators we're here today to
congratulate Cindy and Franz who are up
in their apartment right now and have no
idea that they've won our amazing
do-it-yourself contest let's go and
surprise them hi are you Cindy hi yeah I
make it with redesign on a dime
congratulations you won our contest you
get a full furniture makeover and all
this ugly furniture you have no idea
only see what we need to work with
so welcome what God thank you so much
for coming up let them throw up god this
is our time capsule of a living room
obviously it's maybe just like it's
outdated yeah definitely a little okay
let me ask you this what do you dislike
to do do entertain a lot do you like to
have people over oh yeah oh yeah we'd
like to have a lot of people were we
just haven't been able to do it i mean
we have this huge piano in the way I
don't play this taking a lot of space
and I'd like to have my book club
girlfriends over but with the bulky
furniture as you can see this very
little space to entertain me we have
this beautiful fireplace you barely see
it you do have a beautiful space here i
think the use of space just because of
the large furniture yes you're losing so
much of the potential I can see that you
are obviously a young couple starting
else you've wonderful furniture makeover
courtesy of Universal hotel liquidators
I'm so excited and even so even if you
had it they have the most incredible
quality furniture at a budget great
right well let's go guys let's check it
out uhl here we go when Megan's spoke
about how to better use the space and
how to set the furniture and really
stage it and the different looks that
she offered I think that we have the
same vision and I'm really excited about
that thank you so much I thank you so
much yes uhl this is a great we are so
excited I mean I just cannot wait to see
this new living room modern living room
right yeah and now that we're gonna have
new furniture we get your own I really
enjoyed meeting Cindy and frog and
finding out what their likes and
dislikes are obviously the place needs a
total makeover
we've not new art that we need to get we
need to use this space more wisely so
let's get this makeover started I am so
excited to go to uhl and show them
everything in this massive warehouse so
welcome to my secret weapon in furniture
makeover here it is universal hotel
liquidators nice they have everything we
possibly could need we're all set to get
an idea of what they need so let's go on
inside and check it out
so here we are and I want to introduce
you to a very important person this is
chris chris this is cindy and crocs I
daughter that's good just by summation
for our furniture makeover we're making
over their apartment they need a nice
update can you tell them a little bit
about how you a gel works we liquidate
five-star hotels all over the country we
bring them to you for pennies on the
dollar you get the best deal we have
sofa sleepers that start at 9995 we have
debts that start at 4995 we have
credenzas coffee tables and tables maybe
you can show us just a few things right
now and then we're gonna have to cut you
loose soon because this is a surprise
makeover okay so you'll have to go out
and enjoy I love surprises all right
let's take a look first okay right
nice
alright guys well Franz Cindy I know
you're having a blast and I would love
to have you stay but instead of checking
out the place here we're gonna have to
surprise you so you have to go and enjoy
your day so that we can get to work
doing your makeover okay all right thank
you again I mean you're so amazing next
time you see your purse full furniture
makeover courtesy of Universal hotel
liquidators nope let us get to work
welcome back Chris but ok we'll be thin
let's get to work let's go
you
Chris thank you again so much for
helping me out with Franz send a
Crematory I absolutely love this place I
am constantly amazed about how massive
it is and how much you guys have to
offer this has just been a great
experience again so I guess you're going
to come and deliver it to us rose and
can you tell us a little bit about the
delivery here at uhl we deliver tiny
city and Connecticut for a flat-rate we
also guarantee the quality of the
furniture well that's all you need to
say I'm excited about having this
furniture arrived I really can't wait to
see you back on the other side and I
need to get this makeover going so again
you can get everything that you see
today at universal hotel liquidators
right on 855 post road west haven stay
tuned and see what happens with our big
makeover next
hi I'm back this is megan with
redesigned on a dive earlier today we
went with cindy in france to check out
you a chels massive warehouse we got
everything on the truck and loaded and
now it's all coming back here to their
apartment i am so psyched to see that
stuff in this place it's going to look
great I think I hear the truck so let's
go outside let's get this makeover
started
alright well our furniture is all in
special thanks to you a child for
helping this all come together and now
I'm just going to go around put all the
little details on put up the curtains
put up the artwork and this place is
going to be transformed some of these
accents I got at uhl are just incredible
I can't wait to put them all on the
walls and see the transformation
for very little money you can get a
couple little extras it just adds that
little something special these are sent
do they smell great let's just bring out
the red in the couch kind of bring the
room together so I'm adding these
votives to the centerpiece I think the
centerpiece is great just going to add a
little touch for the coffee table that
we got at you a gel I think it looks
great I'm adding some accent pillows
that black and the white is gonna show a
nice contrast and it's gonna make that
really pop I can't believe it we are
almost done our makeover is pretty much
set this couch is so comfortable I I've
got to thank you a gel just one more
time don't forget guys you a gel it's a
855 Boston Post Road west haven I love
it can't wait to show it so we're all
done inside the place looks amazing I
cannot wait to see Cindy and Franz
reaction hi guys welcome back value
thank you so it's time yes you're right
we've all been waiting for the big
reveal mm-hmm excited very excited let's
go I cannot wait to see what it looks
like now I think you're really gonna
love it I think it matches your personal
offer it's not late oh god oh my god oh
my god loving you this is like look at
the card room the suede is it the swing
it doesn't matter it's red oh my god you
look so good later like how would you Oh
when I first turned that corner I did
not recognize this living room I thought
I entered someone else's apartment I'm
in love the couch like this is my second
baby the first baby is a TV of course oh
my god TV Oh baby I get to play all my
games on your things awesome you
completely changes entire room yeah same
so wonderful for this you're my
entertainment system I blew my friend me
nice Junction truly to see you read my
favorite part of the living room is our
two chairs with the table by our patio
windows it's it's like dual purpose we
can actually have a kind of like dinner
there you know watching the stars or we
can just play cards on it so it's it's
my favorite part of the room so fraud
city are you happy with your space yes
we are very very happy excellent
excellent well and you know if you ever
need anything else furniture wise or
artwork and you can always go to uhl and
they have everything you need oh
definitely we're telling all our friends
out of chicken great well I want to get
out of your hair and let you enjoy this
beautiful makeover so thank you so much
again we so appreciate you thank you
you're welcome thank you enjoy Thanks
I've no one thank you baby I'm so happy
wow that was amazing I had so much fun
on this makeover and I am so glad Cindy
and Franz love their space I want to
make special thanks to you H out there
definitely helping me out with all of
this until next time I'm naked thanks
everybody see you soon
you